# LifestyleAndCOVID19

This project was done by me and my team during COVID-19 pandemic. The purpose of this study was to describe whether if this COVID-19 pandemic has affected the society’s healthy lifestyle. The subject this study was selected by random sampling technique. This sampling technique is meant to be an unbiased representation of the total population. The result of this study and the questioners with the research subjects aims to be a reference, information, and insights for people to maintain their healthy lifestyles, especially during this pandemic where viruses will easily attack humans with low immunity.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, our research proves that public awareness of the importance of living a healthy lifestyle has increased. This is evidenced by more of our research subjects claiming to live a healthy lifestyle during this pandemic. There is supporting information that proves our hypothesis, namely that many of our research subjects maintained a healthy lifestyle and exercised diligently during the pandemic. The majority of them regularly exercise 1-2 times a week with an average duration of 30 minutes per day, and most of those with a healthy lifestyle rarely contract serious illnesses. Most of our subjects realized that living a healthy lifestyle would minimize them from contracting disease. There is also other supporting information such as the high level of public knowledge that this pandemic situation can increase depression, and also that many of them believe that adopting a healthy lifestyle will reduce their level of depression.
